This reminds me
of the Bell heist!
Three months of planning.
Supposed to be quick and easy.
But as always,
ended in a shoot-out.
We got five minutes,
bring her in!
Tank, we're under attack!
Take her down.
You good, kid?
Never better.
♪ Dare, dare to believe
you can survive ♪
♪ You hold the future
in your hand... ♪
Come on. Fuck!
♪ It's time to take a stand... ♪
Looks like
we're driving out now, kid!
♪ Everybody's trying
to break your spirit... ♪
Nice, nice.
Oh... Not today.
Glitching out!
Do what you do best.
Kid, you know
what this reminds me of?
Bad timing?
Shit.
Whoa!
Tank!
Tank, come on!
I don't want to die.
Hey, kid!
I told you.
Always ends in a shoot-out.
Nice day, isn't it?
Huh?
Your choice, son.
We're gonna smoke
this thing together either way.
Get fast.
You get gone, huh?
See you on the other side!
Oh, you're a real pain in my--
Hey, kid!
You forgetting something?
Tank's down.
Find Sly.
Guys.
Delivery was promised
in 40 minutes or less.
No!
Cops!
All right, move! Hurry!
Let's go, let's go!
Drop your weapons!
- Cover me!
- Get cover.
Where's the backup?
On your left, yeah!
Behind you!
Run!
Run, kid, run!
Get your hands off of me!
Hands behind your head!
We've informed your boss
that you've rolled
for a reduced sentence.
And you know Nushi's temper.
Probably won't take
too kindly to a rat.
We throw you in jail.
Oh, they're gonna love
that pretty face of yours.
We toss you out on the streets.
Then you're
most definitely dead.
Definitely.
Who has the money?
Why should I tell you?
- Bullet in the face, right now.
- Hmm.
No, not quite yet.
How about this...
First, you help me
locate my money,
and then I'll cut you in
on a share of the pie.
Thoughts?
I think...
I hate the idea
of working with you two.
How long before we need
to worry about Nushi?
Oh, yes.
Not long.
If she's sending
who I think she's sending.
Just leave your laundry
in the bin.
Afternoon, Mrs. Murphy.
You are looking
as lovely as always.
Hey, hey, looky here, huh?
I got out that stain
just like you said.
I mean, boy howdy,
it put up a fight,
but I got the best of it.
Now...
I know that you know
I'm here on business.
Mrs. Murphy.
Mrs. Murphy?
Oh, come on, Mrs. Murphy,
don't make me chase you!
Dagnabbit.
Mrs. Murphy, please
don't make this difficult.
Mrs. Murphy,
I don't want to hurt you.
Ah-ah-ah-ah...
But I will if I have to.
Now, please mind your manners.
She just wants to chat.
Come on now.
♪ Johnny Angel ♪
♪ You're an angel to me ♪
I'm sorry,
but you have to put this on.
Yeah.
Nushi likes her secrecy.
What's that?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, the duct tape
was my call 'cause I didn't want
to argue all damn day.
Yeah, thank you.
No...
it's not time yet.
Go play.
I promised our father
to uphold
the stature of our family.
Instead...
you have brought failure
to our name.
My sweet brother.
The strongest of us all.
Nushi, it's time.
Where is my money?
We... don't know yet.
Yes.
Nush!
Hey.
So, I got the old lady,
and I figure I can wrangle
the other two by...
Oh, I don't know...
let's say five o'clock?
I thought we could do
all three of them together
seeing as
you're a busy lady and all.
That's fine.
Great, so shall we meet
at the HQ?
No.
Bring them to the Dustbin.
I'll meet you there.
Uh...
the Dustbin, huh?
Well, you see, I, uh...
I-I sort of implied that you'd
just be talking to Mrs. Murphy.
I'll be waiting
for you there at 7:00 sharp.
Do not call me "Nush."
I will do what you cannot.
I'll find and kill
whomever did this to you.
♪ Everybody's working
for the weekend ♪
♪ Everybody wants
a new roma-- ♪
The fuck?
Oh.
Not wise, hombre.
There's nothing but desert
for miles out here.
You got better odds
with Nushi, maybe.
All right.
Let's go face the music.
Now, you are all here
because you've been doing
things you shouldn't be doing!
Mrs. Murphy,
I hear you've been shorting
your weigh-ins.
Not cool.
And you two.
Caught up
in dubious affairs, huh?
Robert, I respect
everyone I work with,
and all I ask for in return
is the same.
When I do not receive it,
I worry about the message
it sends out to others.
Do you think it's fair to be
skimming for personal gain?
Mm-mm.
Susie, Susie, Susie.
I don't know
how long you've been
giving me inaccurate numbers,
but I would hate
for your actions
to influence others.
So, like in Robert's case,
I have to send a message
that's clear.
Mrs. Murphy, I hope
there's no hard feelings.
If it was up to me, I'd let you
off with a stern warning.
Yeah.
Oh, dammit!
Apologies, everyone. I mean,
these things, they're just,
they're-- they're old.
You know,
if I recall correctly...
the odds of
a second gun jamming,
oh, they're about 1 in 125,000,
but you know, I may be wrong--
I'm gonna have to get
a new dry cleaner.
Any word on this thief?
Turns out...
he's right under our nose.
I took this
off our varmint here.
"My partner for the money."
"The abandoned town
of Lyncroft."
It's a trap.
But he cares about you.
Doesn't he?
Smile.
You will make him
come here instead.
Think he'll agree
to those terms?
Make him.
And then...
take back my money
and kill them both.
Can you do that?
Or not?
It's what you hired me for.
It's important
we do this quick!
Everyone must know that...
nobody can take from me.
Bring me the thief!
Oh, shit.
Yeah, just.
Breathe.
Today's lesson
is about taking action.
Courage can...
Be the person you've always
wanted to be.
It's gonna be a good day.
We're gonna smoke
this thing together either way.
Shit.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm sorry!
I told you, I'm sorry!
Get the hell out of here now!
Come on!
He went that way.
Find others
to help foster your dreams.
Drive, kid!
- Drive!
- What, where?
Anywhere, just drive,
put it in gear!
Come on, just try putting it
in gear already!
- Open the door!
- Come on!
And remember,
don't let anyone
stand in your way,
because once present,
taking action is as simple as--
Plea... please, sir...
don't hurt me.
It's not me
you gotta worry about.
She had a badge,
I think she's a cop.
Yeah, she's not
one of the good ones.
Jellybeans, jellybeans.
Jellybeans.
Can you open the glove box?
I wanna get my pills.
Jellybeans. Jellybeans.
No, no, no, not that one.
That's my breath freshener.
Just... under the papers, yeah.
They're for anxiety.
You might want
to double up today.
Pull over there.
Sure, sure thing.
This is where you get out.
I'm sorry, what?
Look, kid, the plan
is to rescue my partner,
having a tag along isn't,
so thank you for
the Sunday drive, now get out.
I mean... I mean,
the truck's all I got, man.
Hey, hey, hey, stop it.
Hey, what you doing?
- What you doing?
- Now I am gonna hurt you.
Get out!
Hey! Come on, man, come on!
Please don't do this,
I need this truck!
Yeah, well the truck
is replaceable,
- my partner isn't.
- Please--
No, no, no, it's all...
it's all I got, man!
Get in!
Oh, shit!
I got shot, dammit.
I'm bleeding!
Shut up, kid,
it's only a flesh wound!
- I don't want to die, man!
- You're not going
to die today, kid.
Keep your head down!
Oh, my God,
we can't get through!
- Get ready!
- For what?
This.
Shit!
Hands up!
Gotcha.
Hey!
Oh, the innocence of childhood!
Hey, sweetheart!
Remember me?
That's for Tank.
Easy, easy.
That's the muscle you got us.
♪ Balls hanging low while
I pop a bottle off a yacht ♪
♪ Chain swinging, cling-clang
and it cost a lot ♪
♪ Bitch, I'm always after guala,
yeah, and you are not ♪
♪ Bad-ass B, keep on going
till you hit the spot ♪
♪ Whoa, I'm a big bag... ♪
You didn't give me
much time, did you?
Besides, they're loyal!
Now maybe the two of you
should do your jobs this time!
And, uh...
don't lose sight
of these guys, huh?
Okay, bye.
♪ Bad-ass B, keep on going
till you hit the spot ♪
♪ Whoa, I'm a big bag hunter
with the bow ♪
♪ She got a big bad dumper,
drop it low ♪
♪ Mama called me
and she happy with the growth ♪
♪ Never ever fold
for a thottie, that's an oath ♪
All right, here's the deal.
Either you take us to the money.
Or... we take you both
out into the desert.
What? You can't do that.
Oh, no, no, no,
that's illegal, you're cops!
Honey.
Your partner's cute.
- I ain't his partner!
- Okay, good,
so you're expendable then.
So which is it?
Out to the middle
of nowhere to do some very,
very bad things.
Or to the money?
The choice is yours.
Take the next right out of town.
It's a bit of a drive.
I hope you packed
some doughnuts.
Stop.
I said stop, Krispy Kreme.
I heard you.
I heard you the first time.
There's nothing here.
Yeah, that's kind of the point.
Stay as close to me as you can,
- just stay as close to me--
- Are they gonna kill me?
Shut up and stay
as close to me as you can.
Listen up.
If you let this one here
try anything, he will.
If he does try something,
you can shoot him from here
to here.
But not until we've confirmed
that we have the money.
This one?
Yeah, we don't care.
- Question.
- Hmm?
Why don't we just
waste the kid right now?
You search around here,
you're gonna find the money.
But if you want the combination
to get into the safe,
you don't touch
a hair on his body.
We'll play nice, for now.
Let's go.
Hey, what's gonna happen?
How do we know
he won't just kill us anyway
if we give him the money?
Do you got
some kind of plan or something?
Shut up
and keep your head forward.
- You see that building up ahead?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Be the first one in--
Hey!
Quit your chit-chatting!
Let's go!
Move!
Stop.
Dino, Justin.
Make sure there's nothing
funny going on in there.
Don't let them get away,
you idiots!
Break down that door
and get me my money.
What are they doing,
what are they doing?
Don't worry, they can't get in.
I think.
Get in there. You, find
another way around, now!
Turn around.
Back to me!
Come on, closer.
Okay, man, where the hell'd
you get all this stuff, anyway?
It came with my last score.
Well, I bought the bolt cutters.
So it's true?
You stole a bunch of money?
It's a bit
more complicated than that.
Come on, hurry up!
Come on!
I'm guessing
your partner's in trouble
because of the money
you stole, huh?
You've got a knack
for asking horrible questions
at all the wrong times, kid.
Have you ever had a good time?
Hey, focus, come on!
I got it!
Jellybeans, jellybeans...
Oh, God, you're not
instilling confidence
with me, kid, hurry up!
I'm... I'm sorry!
Here.
Move.
Let's have some fun.
Huh.
After him!
Get over here!
Move your ass!
Oh, hell no.
What was that, man?
What the hell was that?
Part of the plan!
You planned all of this?
Technically for another party.
Come on, kid!
They're not in here!
Go, hurry!
Heads up, kid!
Head to the yellow shack, kid!
Yellow shack,
yellow shack, yellow shack.
Yellow shack!
They smoked Dino!
Go!
Come on!
Die!
There ain't no hiding from Sly!
Oh-hoh! Bad spawn point!
- Jellybeans, jellybeans.
- Forgot that was there.
Snap out of it, kid, come on!
Jellybeans,
jellybeans, jellybeans!
Jellybeans, jellybeans!
- Jellybeans.
- Enough with the jellybeans,
okay?-Okay.
You saved my life,
I'm not gonna let you die.
Yeah.
You okay?
I'm okay.
Okay.
Ravi! Ravi.
Did you get the money?
Mm, thank God
you stashed all this right here.
I've never been here before.
Don't worry,
I don't think you drank
some old trucker's piss.
Fuel up quick.
We bought ourselves some time,
but we gotta keep moving.
You gonna eat that?
You got any friends? Family?
They're gonna go
after loved ones.
Nah, they're all dead now.
I mean, there's this barista
at this cafe that I like,
but, uh...
it hasn't always gone well.
I think my panic attacks
have always, like, stopped me
from doing, well...
pretty much everything.
I'm still like, I can't believe
we did all that stuff today.
It's still kind of crazy to me,
you know?
Well, that's the whole point
of living, kid.
Doing things.
Yeah, I'm certainly off
to a big start alongside you.
Yeah, well, not if
you keep repeating "jellybeans"
all the time.
Hey, you know,
the jellybeans thing is just
something I picked up
from my dad, you know.
It helps with my panic attacks.
Yeah.
You know, when I was little,
my mom would always, like,
baby me,
which never really helped.
But my dad though,
he was this super strict,
no-nonsense kind of guy,
and... you'd think
that'd be terrible,
but I don't know, it was just...
there was this confidence to it.
I remember my dad
telling me, like,
problems in life
are like jellybeans.
They're all small,
so you can eat up a bunch
of them at the same time,
and most of the time,
they don't always taste bad,
so yeah,
but except for licorice,
spit those ones out.
I mean my...
My dad died
when I was 12 years old.
Everyone did.
So now, whenever I feel
an attack coming on,
I just...
just think about that.
I just think about jellybeans.
Jellybeans.
Well, I guess
I got jellybeans to thank
for saving my life back there.
You know, my dad was a cop.
Yeah, he was an honest cop.
Took the fall
for his corrupt precinct.
When he got out of the joint,
he ignored his family,
gambled all the time.
It got so bad that I was living
in a women's shelter
with my mom using food stamps.
- Oh, wow, that's--
- In the end, uh,
he died over
a two-bit card game.
Somebody just gunned him down.
I was a kid too.
So I know what it's like
having to take care of yourself.
Man, I'm...
I'm so sorry about your dad.
Same.
But it gets better.
I promise.
I mean, look at me,
I pull heists for a living.
Yeah, I mean,
you're like
a real-life Robin Hood.
Yeah, no,
don't get ahead of yourself.
I mean, I'm only giving
the money to myself.
So how much did you get?
Well, enough to retire
on a beach.
And not die like my dad.
But first, I gotta get
this cigar back to my partner.
And I gotta figure out
what to do with you.
Well, yeah, yeah, sure,
sure thing, I mean,
what's next, what's next
for the Jellybean Boys?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry, I was just--
I was just trying to think
of a name for us, you know,
now that
we're basically partners.
- Yeah.
- Outlaws, stuff.
Well, we're not anything, okay?
You gotta get out of the city,
'cause you're in danger
as long as you're with me.
Shit.
Howdy!
You certainly like
to play hard to get.
Who is this?
Not one for small talk,
I dig it, yeah.
Where's Vic?
Stay cool, young buck.
My employer agrees to a trade,
nice and simple.
You bring the money, we bring
your friend and let the sun set
on this whole damn thing.
What do you say,
we got us a deal?
How do I know he's still alive?
Well,
now that is a fair question.
Though, I'm a little saddened
that you don't trust me.
Go on now.
Say hello.
Vic, is that you?
Are you okay?
I'm okay, kid.
I'm okay.
No worse than
when the Wolfington Sisters
- had the jump on us--
- Hey.
He is indeed alive and well.
I will text the when and wheres
and uh,
mosey on over fast, will you,
my phone's almost dead.
Deal.
Fair warning, hoss,
we will show up well prepared.
I suggest you save any tricks.
Come with the money, make this
easy on everybody, you hear?
What now?
New plan.
Oh, Lord Almighty.
Hey, hey, here you go.
Mmm.
Whiskey.
Little moments
of civility are needed,
especially in our profession.
Indeed.
Mm. Mm-mm-mm. Oh.
These sisters you mentioned,
I'm intrigued.
Just a botch job
back in the day.
Ended up with me, well,
pretty much looking
like I do now.
You gotta be careful with
the ladies in this business.
They can be shrewd.
Well, they didn't get us.
And we got the money.
We always do.
Optimistic demeanor.
There you go.
Mm.
- Oh.
- Oh, now.
A real shame I have to kill you.
You're not so bad yourself.
For a psychopathic killer.
No, no, no, could not be
further from the truth.
I don't just kill anybody.
And definitely never children.
No, just people
who don't stop doing
what they shouldn't be doing.
Old friend of mine used to say,
"Get fast, get gone."
Means never linger on a job.
Otherwise, you're begging
to get your ticket punched.
You lingered too long
on this one, partner.
Well, I can say the same
about you, buckaroo.
Boss is here.
So this Vic guy.
He met your dad in prison?
Yeah, single-handedly
kept him alive.
He's not much with his fists,
but he's pretty good
with his mouth.
- Right, right...
- For talking, kid!
He taught me everything I know.
And he's pretty much
the only family that I got.
So what's the plan?
How are we gonna save Vic?
I don't know.
I'm pretty sure it's a trap.
How can you be so sure
it's a trap?
Well, it's what
the Wolfington Sisters would do.
The who?
Never mind.
- Hey, maybe we could just--
- How many times have I told you
there's no "we"?
Come on, man,
I could help out, I mean,
you saw what I can do
when I'm with you.
Yeah, I saw an innocent kid
almost commit mass murder.
Trust me, you don't want that
on your conscience.
And neither do I.
Come on.
Hey, who the heck
did you rip off, the Army?
Hold this.
Ho, is that...
That's a lot of money.
It's gonna be a lot
to give up, you know?
Who said I'm gonna give it up?
Wait, to save Vic's life,
I mean,
you gotta give up
the money, right?
Well, not if I don't have to.
Oh, come on, man,
just give them the money.
It's not that easy, kid.
You gambling with his life!
You really need
the money that bad?
No. I don't need it.
I want it.
I'll figure the plan out.
- What's this?
- Take it.
It's a thank you for hitting me
with your ice cream truck
and saving my life.
This one too.
- But I--
- No buts!
I've been down this road before.
You're not coming with me.
It's go time.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Follow me.
Throw the plank
on the side of the road.
So this is it?
I'm afraid so, kid.
Hey!
Since I won't be around
to talk sense
into you no more.
You know you're lucky
to even have family?
Yeah.
Lay low for a while, kid.
And cheer up.
'Cause your dad was right.
It is all jellybeans.
Don't follow me.
We got a matching description
on a suspect
from the 2-4-1
earlier today, over.
Copy, proceed with caution.
After the money is confirmed,
shoot the old man.
Then I will take my time
gutting this thief up
piece by piece.
♪ As I walked out on
the streets of Laredo ♪
♪ As I walked out
on Laredo one day ♪
♪ I spied a young cowboy ♪
♪ All wrapped in white linen ♪
♪ All wrapped in white linen
as cold as the grave ♪
All this for me?
I'm flattered.
Well, I hear
you can be a Slippery Sally.
Plus I don't like
the desert at night,
it's spooky and cold.
So let's keep it simple.
Show us the money.
Release Vic first.
You're not in the position
to call the shots!
Right.
You satisfied?
It's a bit overkill,
don't you think?
Oh, those aren't ours.
KPD!
Everybody, drop your weapons,
hands up!
Rat!
Don't make me say it twice,
drop your weapons, hands up!
That includes you!
Welcome to the show, gentlemen.
Kid, and uh, lady.
Can I ask
what we can do you for?
We're here to seize the stolen
money in those duffle bags.
Disarm immediately
and cooperate.
The aforementioned stolen goods
actually belong
to my employer here.
Now we appreciate
your effort and your service,
but we got it from here.
Give us the money!
Look.
I don't give a shit
about the cash.
Just my partner.
And maybe now this stray.
So why don't I just
leave the cash here,
and the two of you...
all sort it amongst yourselves.
Deal?
I'm not sharing my money!
With anyone!
Okay.
Go get the bag!
Go on, get it!
I'd be careful,
there might be C-4 in those.
Release them!
The money stays, we go.
Otherwise, the whole place
is gonna go up like a bonfire.
Well, we got quite
the conundrum here, huh, hombre?
It's bullshit.
Yeah,
he's full of shit.
Jellybeans,
jellybeans, jellybeans,
jellybeans, jellybeans.
Jellybeans,
jellybeans, jellybeans,
jellybeans, jellybeans...
Everybody listen to me!
One press of this button...
Just one push,
and we all go up together!
I ain't playing around,
I'm gonna do it!
The kid's clearly cracked.
Release him now.
Money stays, we go.
All right, hermano.
You're free to walk.
Hey, kid, you good?
Wolfington Sisters, huh?
Great story.
Except this time, no money.
- Maybe.
- Kid, what?
Come on!
Great improvising, kid.
You gave up the money!
Don't get all cute
and cuddly with me.
You drive that thing?
- I don't like this plan.
- What plan?
Get fast, get gone.
Yes!
Come on, kid, let's go!
Okay, here we go, boys!
There's no C-4!
Bring my chopper.
Nushi!
Please!
Please, they gave me no choice!
Your death would be
a dishonor on my time.
After everything
I've done for you?
We gotta go, we gotta go!
We're not leaving
without my money!
- We gotta go!
- No bailing!
We're going, okay?
Wait!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Hey, I just want to say,
I'm a really big fan
of your work.
What do you say
we get out of here?
I drive, you shoot?
Yipee ki-yay, motherfucker.
Yes!
Son of a bitch.
You good, kid?
Never better!
♪ Sometimes when your hopes
have all been shattered ♪
♪ There's nowhere to turn ♪
♪ You wonder
how you keep going, going... ♪
All right, come on now,
get me up there.
♪ The fire in your heart... ♪
♪ You can fly if you try
leaving the past behind ♪
♪ Heaven only knows
what you might find ♪
♪ Dare to believe
you can survive... ♪
What's he doing,
where's he going, man?
He's finishing a job, kid!
♪ You can win if you dare ♪
What are you waiting for?
Kill him!
♪ It's calling you
on to victory... ♪
Shoot her, you idiots!
Where are we going?
Do we go back for...
I just realized I don't even
know his name, I don't know...
- What's his name?
- Duck!
Duck?-Duck!
Shit!
If you have a gun,
right about now
would be real helpful!
Your side is clear, kid.
Okay.
Oh, shit, holy shit.
Check under your seat!
Okay.
Now we're talking!
He is a persistent cuss.
I'm about to die.
Oh, shit.
Hold on, kid!
I've never done this before.
I got you.
I got you, kid. I got you.
You're gonna be all right,
kid, you're gonna be all right.
Don't.
Don't what?
Damn shame.
Yeehaw.
It's all right,
it's all right.
It's all right.
Vic!
No, Vic!
- It's going to be okay.
- Vic!
It's going to be okay.
Hey... hey, kid.
Stay with me, man.
Stay with me.
Hey.
Hey, kid.
Hey, hey, tell me
one of your stories.
It's gonna be okay.
Tell me one of your stories.
Stay with me.
It's a great story.
Great story.
You'll be all right, kid.
You're gonna be okay now.
Hey.
Stay with him.
You think you're better than me?
You okay?
You were right, kid.
I was lucky.
Come on.
Son of a bitch.
You had me going there
for a second, kid.
I thought you might be
the owner of this plane.
Still up to
your old tricks, huh?
Well, once an outlaw,
always an outlaw.
I guess this...
this should be
a fitting goodbye.
What's this?
Oh, it's just uh, I don't know,
just... just thought
it didn't feel right
not splitting the money
you gave me with you.
Take it, honestly,
I want you to have it.
You've... done so much for me,
like, you've honestly given me
way more than I need
to start over, you know?
I mean, I even got myself
a date with the barista tonight.
Look at you, kid.
Doing things.
Yeah, I am.
I'm proud of you.
Thanks.
No.
Thank you, partner.
Jellybeans.
You can let go of my hand now.
Oh, yeah. Sorry.
It's okay.
Hey, kid.
Since I won't be around
to talk any sense into you.
You okay?
Never better.